So let's go to this problem.
And Leslie, let's go to the audience because that was easy for us and can easily see that I'm.
This is a very plain, simple look at the relation.
So in this case, the order matters.
So let me take a number, call in Fig. input and assimilate.
Five.
Or we were taking the example of four eight.
Let's take four.
And what?
Lewis I think he found.
VS and it's ordered.
So in this case, the order matters.
Murders will.
And what we'll do is let's just let me just pass into it now.
What we will do.
Simple.
We have an and let me just implement this because of religion, which is I have a friend who goes to
a mission of unto him.
Let me just implement this first.
I will go from one.
I'll go to Lynn and.
What will you do?
We'll just take some answer.
Is the answer plus equals to count.
B is ordered and it will be.
And minus.
Right.
And finally, will it Indians?
So of course we can memorize it.
But I'm just not worried about my medication right now.
You're just worried about how to call it?
It seems very simple, right?
So this is m that we have taken in the formula.
And what is the best case in this case will be very simple if and equals to zero.
I lived in one.
It means I've reached an ending and now I've just partitioning some process by district in one day.
What are we getting?
We are getting it.
Possibilities.
It.
Let me check.
So, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
Let me check it for five.
Yeah.
Four, five, five, six, eight two.
How.
How will we get to 16?
If I have one, then we can.
We can take all these after it.
After the after that one.
One plus all these.
Well, it is it here.
This for?
Right.
And it was for strange that these two.
This is.
14.
This is 15 and one last one will be five itself.
So in the as in this case, three itself to itself and 42.
But in the case of I will be five.
And so the total will be it was four plus two plus one plus one, which is 16.
I hope this is clear.
So.
We can generalize this out now for any groups.
Six one What will be the answer?
If I talk about it and go through six?
It will be this summation of all of them, that is, and it goes to one, two, three, four, five
plus one because six will be there as an individual.
Eight and yep.
So let's talk about the complexity of this.
Okay.
Let me memorize it first.
And let's see, we have some and can be anything.
It looks like a big number because.
And.
Really memorization to you.
Or.
Okay.
Let's call it.
Owen was ordered in and.
Memo sent memo Gomo minus one comma side of memo eight and.
This will give me a.
Goulding.
Cool.
So I have 1000 over here.
Finally, if I receive a memo and article two minus one and memo in and this is.
Didn't we build it?
Okay.
So I think it's correct now.
So we have insulated neutral housing.
You can insulated tell whatever and you want and we will discuss the complexity of this solution.
And we didn't improve the complexity of this solution.
Well, here, what we can see is for any and what we are trying to do, we are starting from one.
We are going to learn and we are calculating the all possible boundaries for N minus C.
So the complexity of this solution becomes off and square eight by because we have and different states.
Liechtenstein then will have 1097 different states, although a memo using it will conclude for all
the states once.
But see this, for all the states we are running, we are doing this work right this far.
Look from window.
And if I'm doing this fight, look from one end, this is all a little work right before all.
End of the state.
I'm going.
And more times it is and into.
And I have you got the ten complexity your end state.
I agree.
Even after memorization all those end states will be calculated exactly once full.
But for all those end states we are again we are doing some work which is going endings it will be and
into.
And so this is wolf and square complexity.
And we do better case.
Yes, we can always do better now as we have seen that it goes evolution is nothing but some of previous
in terms.
But any goes to five.
Yeah.
This one, right?
It is the sum of previous endings.
So for any gods to fight, what will be the case?
And because two, four plus.
Three plus.
Two plus.
One.
Plus, we can say above zero.
Above zero is nothing but one eight.
So what is this f of zero kids when we have just five plus zero, which is nothing but fight it or instead
of this is to avoid confusion, we can write one error.
And what will be the answer for five goes to six.
It will be nothing but a five plus four plus three.
That's two plus one.
Less than eight.
We do have a zero.
Here you can see one thing.
If I start formulating my answer in a bottom up manner, if I want, if I start just formulating mounted
in a bottom up manner, what I can do is I can keep a variable called a sum.
Let's keep a variable called sum pool.
And then what I'll do is let me give some space again.
Yeah.
Actually, I decided to.
These derailed getting problems.
But then I thought this problem is a must before we move on to the marketing problem.
What I'll do is I'll keep a variable called some.
So what will some do?
Some will store Beyonce's.
So in Italian, it's a musical instrument.
And what I do is I would simply say I start from one, I go still and I'm blessed with eight.
So this is a normal for a loop.
I'm running and I'll simply say I'll say that deep.
I will be equal to some.
Eight and.
Let's say the DPA is equal to some in Italy.
Let's make some calls to you and.
Then what we can see is the deposit goes through some plus one, right, and some is equal to two.
And in some what we'll do is I'll simply add DPA.
This is important.
Let's go over it again.
What I'm trying to do is I'm trying to maintain a variable culture, which is kind of when I'm on one,
it will.
Have what is ever one when I want to, it will contain the smoke.
I have one plus two.
When I leave F3 it will have the sum of F1 plus two plus three, which will be was in F4 foot and then
it will take the sum of F4 Forestville.
Eight.
I hope this has been clearer.
So whenever I'm moving forward, I'm just whatever I'm calculating, I'm calculating using some and
then I'm updating them with the summation of it all.
So let me quickly quote this.
And yeah, this was a bottom up manner.
Let me go to Indy.
So this was.
Top down approach, which was taking off and square time and I was not able to optimize it further because
we are running this for loop inside, but we can optimize this by taking a variable called something.
Let's take a variable called sum and let's take up variable and a p.
Eight or nine plus one.
Lent.
In Italy, audiences will say DP zero is.
You don't?
Well, we don't want it, actually, but let's just ignore it.
And it started from when I was still in.
Yeah.
And I'll simply say that DP I is equals to some plus one, my plus one plus one because that number
can be individual also.
And then I will simply add PND.
Always, always.
The sun will be storing the sum of previous dips.
It's what I need.
And whenever I'm dating, debate will be someplace.
But.
Well.
If you want me to write it, then I can write it.
In Italy.
Let's say it's a disease I will use.
One, two, three, four, five, six.
And initially.
This is some values and this is the deep values that are stored.
But initialism is zero.
The world will be.
So when I'll come on one.
What it will do.
It will take deep of when he goes to someplace fun.
Some is zero.
And some plus one will be equal to one.
Now what will happen?
Some will also get updated by DPA.
So what is DPA one?
And I'll simply add one in this.
Well, now, when I reach to some is equals to one.
Initially dippy will be equal to some.
Plus, you will recall two samples, one with just two, and now some will be updated and two will be
added to it, which is three.
I hope you're getting this.
Some gets updated again and again when at least three initialism is three, BP will be calculated from
this one, which is four.
And now in three I'll add four because somebody I'm adding to pay for it is seven.
Four.
Let me seven.
Seven plus one is 830 P Goodspeed and then April seven is 1608 and again 16.
Initially 16.
Yeah, only 16.
Initially 16 a plus one is.
17 and.
Okay.
Yes, I'm doing okay.
So here it was seven.
Seven games and plus Brisbane is eight.
It May seven is 15.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Now 15 goes here.
15 plus one is 16.
Now 16 will be added to 15 and some will be upgraded, which is 31.
So here you can see.
Well it's pretty easy that the deep values that it offers of.
So basically it is nothing more to restore the power and minus one eight for any of than.
You can easily check this rule.
So now we're coming on to the third solution for this audit period, which is this was a bottom up approach.
Bottom up.
ROACH And no, finally we have.
So the complexity of the bottom approach, the complexity of the bottom up approach is nothing but orphan
because we are just running a loop from one to the third approach that I have for this problem is simple,
which is to restore the power.
And minus one.
What is doing is the rover in minus one.
So if I ran, I just see out.
Power coma.
Coma and minus four.
So this is the all.
One approach.
For one approach for the above problem.
I hope all of this is making some sense to everyone of us.
Right.
So we have three different ways of.
Figuring out the same problem.
Rob Dunn with Walden Square automobile.
You go in and then we had this mathematical formula which is to restore the power and minus one rule.
So.
I hope you got this about the ordered said alert so far then ordered said in the next food.
Thank you.